4.1 Leadership Council: The Pact shall be governed by a leadership council composed of the most respected and experienced members. The council shall oversee the operations of the organization, make strategic decisions, and resolve disputes among members.

4.2 Composition:
While membership of the pact is an open record within the Pact, the leadership council will be composed of a collection of both open and hidden members, mirroring the governmental style of Waterdeep. As such, there will at all times be an open signatory, and an even numbered count of masked signatories.

4.2.1 The Open Signatory: The Open Signatory shall be a known figure within the Pact, and will be the primary external face of the Pact. Their primary role is that of a liaison between the members of the pact, the allies of the pact, and the leadership of the pact.

4.2.2 The Masked Signatories:
Masked Signatories are the true power of the Pact, ensuring that the wisdom of many forms the leadership while preserving the tenants of secrecy. As they are unknown, they are immune from specific bribery and corruption. As they outnumber the Open Signatory, they ensure that the Council can be relied on for providing fair and unbiased rulings in all things.

4.3 The Tribunal: There are occurrences where an emergency council will need to be formed to determine the outcome of a given situation, primarily in situations of discipline and punishment. A tribunal may be formed of the most senior members available, and their decisions can be considered final in most matters. A tribunal should be composed of an odd number of individuals, to avoid tie situations. Tribunal matters should be decided as a simple majority vote.

4.3.1 Accountability: The Tribunal formed must report the Leadership Council for ratification of their decisions. This report will be to the Open Signatory.

4.3.2 Appeals: If the member impacted by the Tribunals decision may request an appeal from the Open Signatory. This appeal will be taken to the Leadership Council, where they will make a final decision. While this process takes place, the member is expected to abide by the tribunals ruling. If the appeal is overruled, the sentence from the Tribunal will be increased by an amount determined by the Leadership Council. If the appeal is approved, restitution will be made to the member. In such cases where an appeal is approved, the original Tribunal may be held responsible for their false judgement depending on circumstances. This judgement will be made by Leadership Council.

4.3.3 The Leadership Councils decisions are final: If the Leadership Council ratifies a decision from a Tribunal, that decision is final and binding. Appeals must be made to the Council prior to ratification. If an appeal is overruled, the overruling is final and the member is expected to accept the ruling. If an appeal is approved, the approval is final, and the Tribunal is expected to accept the ruling. The Open Signatory is the voice of the Council, and his word is the Councils word. Anything he says is final and binding.

4.4 Decision Making: For daily operations, the Tribunals are empowered to act as representative of the Council. This includes, but is not limited to: Admissions of new members, Allocation of Resources, and general government within the pact. As the pact itself is open to all members, the will of the Council has been made known. Major decisions, including but not limited to amendments to the pact, alliances with other parties, and major operations, shall be made by consensus among the leadership council. A simple majority vote shall be taken, with the results being binding. The structure of the council is such that a tie is not possible (1 Open Signatory, Even number of Masked Signatories).

4.5 Hierarchy: All members are valued contributors, and there is no formal rank within the organization. However, seniority, talent, and expertise shall be recognized within the organization. These factors will be considered in all decisions related to choosing a Tribunal and Punishment. Leaders shall be chosen based on merit and experience, with the aim of promoting the best interests of the Pact. For the protection of the pact, the number and identity of the Leadership Council will be known only to them, mirroring the system of Waterdeep. Only the Open Signatory will be known as a member of the Leadership Council, both within and outside of the Pact.

4.6 Alliances: The nature of our organization demands that certain allied parties are present for various leadership activities. This can be Tribunals, or even the Leadership Council. In these events, the identities of the Masked Signatories will be secured. The alliance member will be granted the privilege of their presence and communication with the Council. They will not be allowed a vote in regards to Pact matters.