1.1 Name: This agreement shall be known as the Cerulean Pact.

1.2 Purpose: The Cerulean Pact is established with the primary goal of fostering a network of skilled individuals engaged in non-violent criminal activities, including but not limited to theft, information brokerage, and smuggling. All signed parties of the Pact shall uphold a code of conduct that strictly prohibits involvement in crimes based purely around violent ends.

1.2.1 Violence: Any crime that is defined by violence is not to be allowed. This is distinctly different from the right of a member to defend themselves in the face of life threatening danger. In such a situation, a party signed to the pact is free to take such actions as to preserve their lives, with all goals being that of de-escalation and extraction from the situation. Should the actions taken cause the loss of life, a tribunal of representatives of the signed parties shall take place to determine the merit of the actions, and determined the standing of the signed party within the pact.

1.2.2 The Watch: For any industry of Crime to exist, there must be a lawful order that opposes them. The Watch ensures a "demand" to meet our "supply". As such, they are to be treated as honored rivals. Any act that would render a member of the watch temporarily hindered is considered acceptable. Any act that would incur bodily harm, with a recovery time of greater than 2 days will be considered a minor infraction of the Pact. Any act that would cause permanent injury, loss of employment, or loss of life will be considered immediate grounds for a Tribunal to determine Forceful Termination from the pact. These protections extend to kin of the Watch.

1.3 The Greater Good: It is understood that some opposing parties represent a mutually destructive chaos and threat to the lives of those around them. In such cases, special exceptions may be made by a tribunal of representatives of the signed parties. This tribunal should be decided and enacted prior to the actions targeting a known threat. Should a signed party act against a potential threat without consulting the signers of the pact, a special tribunal can be called for ex post facto.